This program analyzes the text records generated by a grocery store during the day and lets the 
user access information about that data. The text records are stored in a file and list the purchases
made at the store in chronological order. We are primarily interested in getting how many times each 
unique item was purchased and presenting that data in table, histogram, and indivdual forms. This 
would ideally assist the store in optimizing their layout.

The best feature is function that validates a users input of a particular item. It fixes the case of
letters to match how they are recorded and if no results are found it tries the opposite plurilization
of what was entered. If a user enters cucumber, the funtion returns Cucumbers.
The code needs to be reformated to follow a consistent style and some of the functions can be broken apart
as well as implementing stricter validation. Validation was the most difficult part to write and caused
unintended consequences before working properly as well as making the code look uglier. I eventually 
got a workable method of validation through persistence.

I'm trying to improve the planning aspect of my work instead of just diving in and coding, using more 
TODOS instead of assumptive code. The OOP paradigm helps with this as well as maintainability/readability
/adaptability as it gives a sort of mental scaffolding with which to work. Improving upon planning and design is probably more important
than the language itself

"Coding is to Programing what typing is to writing" - Leslie Lamport
